Reorganize Eth1-specs Repo & Add Network Upgrades Info (#24)
ethereum/eth1.0-specs: README.md

# Eth1.0 Specifications

## Description

> This repository contains various specification related to the Ethereum 1.0 chain, specifically the specifications for [network upgrades](/network-upgrades) and (soon) the [JSON RPC API](/json-rpc). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the Ethereum Execution Layer (Eth1.0) network upgrades and (soon) the JSON RPC API specifications.
```

Author: Thanks for catching the typo! Re: eth1 vs. Execution Environment, I think I want to keep the eth1 terminology here for now given the repo is called eth1-specs. When we merge this repo and the eth2 specs repo, I think we should change the terminology.

Reviewer: Cool! Looks like I missed on the repo link that is there in your earlier texts :)
